Fixes for Multi-site docs, fixes #40 (#46)
drud/ddev-contrib: recipes/drupal8-multisite/README.md

> Your project can be reached at <https://basic.ddev.site> <https://d8m.ddev.site> <https://umami.ddev.site> <https://127.0.0.1:32817>

## Enable multisite

First we need to enable the multisite support by copying `example.sites.php` to `sites.php`. And then, because we are using DDEV for development and our production URLs will be different from test URLs, we want to define explicit aliases. That also allows us to have nice site directory names.

    ```
    cd web/sites
    mkdir basic umami
    cp example.sites.php sites.php
    ```

1. Configure sites in the sites.php to match the URL with the correct directory.
2. If you know the production URLs, you can add them at the same time.

The final `sites.php` should look something like the [example included](web/sites/sites.php).

## Provide a base settings.base.php

Since the settings.php for each subsite is nearly the same, we can use a basic settings file and include it in each subsite. The example provided here is [web/sites/default/settings.base.php](web/sites/default/settings.base.php). Copy that into the `web/sites/default` directory of your project.

## Prepare example umami site

> Inspect  [web/sites/umami/settings.php](web/sites/umami/settings.php) and copy it to `web/sites/umami`.

Author: ```suggestion
Inspect [web/sites/umami/settings.php](web/sites/umami/settings.php) and copy it to `web/sites/umami`.
```

> Now, if `drush status -l umami.ddev.site` is run from within the *web* container's `sites/umami` directory, the output should look similar to following:

Author: ```suggestion
Now, if `drush status -l umami.ddev.site` is run from within the *web* container's `sites/umami` directory (that is after executing `ddev ssh`), the output should look similar to following:
```

## Install the "basic" demo site

> We can follow the same steps as we did for "umami" for the "basic"" site. We already have the directory, URL, database, and `sites.php` setup. So all that needs to be done is:

Author: ```suggestion
We can follow the same steps as we did for "umami" for the "basic" site. We already have the directory, URL, database, and `sites.php` setup. So all that needs to be done is:
```

> 1. Inspect  [web/sites/basic/settings.php](web/sites/basic/settings.php) and copy it to `web/sites/basic`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Inspect [web/sites/basic/settings.php](web/sites/basic/settings.php) and copy it to `web/sites/basic`.
```

2. Visit `https://basic.ddev.site` and install the site with the *Standard* profile

Now, we have a simple Drupal site at <https://basic.ddev.site,> a food magazine at <https://umami.ddev.site> and still only a configuration form at the original <https://d8m.ddev.site.>

## Set up drush site aliases

> [Drush site aliases](http://docs.drush.org/en/9.x/usage/#site-aliases) help to address individual sites without being in the specific directory inside the web container.

Author: ```suggestion
[Drush site aliases](http://docs.drush.org/en/9.x/usage/#site-aliases) can address individual sites without being in the specific directory inside the web container.
```

1. `mkdir -p drush/sites && cd drush/sites`
2. Inspect and copy the sample aliases files in [drush/sites](drush/sites) into your project's drush/sites directory.
3. Run `ddev exec drush site:alias` from outside the container to check that the alias is recognized
4. Run `ddev exec drush @umami.ddev status` to check that all site-specific information is now present, including full *Site URI*
5. Run `ddev exec drush @basic.ddev status` to check that the alias is working for the second site too.
6. Run `ddev exec drush status` to see what the default configuration still shows.

## Add more sites

Now that we have a basic setup in place, new site requires us to:

1. Update ddev's [config.multisite.yaml](dot.ddev/config.multisite.yaml) to add the database and set the additional_hostnames (remember to run `ddev restart` to pick up the changes). This can also be done directly in the .ddev/config.yaml.
2. Create a directory for the new site in `web/sites/<newsitename>`.
3. Copy `settings.php` to the new directory and update the database name.
4. Add new alias to the `sites.php`.
5. Copy a drush alias and updating the `uri` option.
6. Visit each new site to install Drupal.

## Conclusion

> Of course much more work lies ahead.  The `settings.php` file alone may need a lot more additional configuration. This however, is a standard Drupal issue covered in Drupal's documentation.

Author: IMO we can remove this sentence, it doesn't help understand, and just gives a feeling you did something wrong.
